1. How would you like to interact and communicate with your customer while specifying a vehicle?
I Online and face to face configuring together
2. Describe how you build trust with your customer when creating an offer?
Showing genuine interest and curiosity in the customer’s business and be personal and honest about my agenda and challenging the customer where possible when it comes to chosen business set-up and/or solutions
3. How do you secure that you offer a solution that match the customer needs?
Thorough needs analysis with the customer, asking questions and challenging the answers, asking furtherin order to get an optimum understanding
4. What do you include when selling a total offer to a customer?
All that is relevant to the customer’s needs and business
5. What do you experience being challenges when putting together a total offer?
Having direct access and being able to directly visualize the various types of solution and offers
6. What are the challenges when specifying a vehicle? (In VSS, WIS, PERF, ERS)
No integration between the various supporting apps and therefore no smooth, intuitive flow, that I can go through with the customer and that helps the customer to understand the reasons behind the recommended solutions
7. How do you prefer to introduce the conversation about pricing?
Pricing always needs to be introduced and explained in relation to the customer value
8. Describe your dream, how would you like to be supported when specifying a new vehicle?
Full view of the customer’s business, his needs and even hidden needs combined with customer insights in the customer’s fleet performance in terms of driveline, productivity, energy efficiency etc and then all needs and insights automatically fed into a solution engine that can combine all input parameters an dconvert these into a number of recommended solutions, rated by matching percetages
9. Describe your dream process when putting together a total offer?
A smooth, natural conversation and interviewing flow when it comes to the needs analysis smoothly flowing over into the configuration part, pleasant to the customer, providing (new) insights to both customer and sales rep and resulting in the optimum solution to the customer, fully explained to the customer in terms of what customer values the recommended solution(s) provide.
