1. How would you like to interact and communicate with your customer while specifying a vehicle?
I would like to meet with them face to face if they are new customers. If they are old customers, it is usually fine with just a phone call and a confirming email. 
2. Describe how you build trust with your customer when creating an offer? 
I try to gather as much information as possible about the customer and what they want. I keep them updated as I build the truck in VSS. They always get an early offer that works as a draft just to see if I am on the right track. If there are any changes, I call them up directly.
3. How do you secure that you offer a solution that match the customer needs? 
I keep track on what we have agreed on and always ask the customer to review the offer before placing an order. 
4. What do you include when selling a total offer to a customer? 
Almost everything is included. I try to please the customer the best I can and is a bit flexible when using total offer.
5. What do you experience being challenges when putting together a total offer? 
It is hard to get an overall picture of new customer and defining what a total offer should be for them. Some does not want to pay for all but still want to have the experience as if they got a total offer. Then I have to tweak total offer a bit. 
6. What are the challenges when specifying a vehicle? (In VSS, WIS, PERF, ERS) 
To remember the different information and jump between systems. It is very time consuming and hard for a new employee to learn. They have all of the information needed but it is often hard to know what information they have and how to find it.
7. How do you prefer to introduce the conversation about pricing? 
I prefer giving the customer a discount that they can see and experience because then they feel more special and are more likely to buy a vehicle. If you give the customer a higher price indication early they tend to back. But if you give it to them late in the process they have already invested a lot of time and energy. This is when I start the negotiation and give them a discount and they are happy because they feel special.
8. Describe your dream, how would you like to be supported when specifying a new vehicle? 
It is good to be able to call someone. I remember there was a network before where we could ask questions. That was good. But it would be better if we could find the information easy in VSS.
9. Describe your dream process when putting together a total offer?
Copy an already made vehicle and then modify it according to the customer’s wishes. Not having to iterate it several times. Maybe design it together with the customer. 


