1. How would you like to interact and communicate with your customer while specifying a vehicle? I would like the customer to see a view of what we are specifying. I don´t want them to see the pricing though..It is not necessary that we are sitting together in the same room, we can potentially be in different locations (I´m sitting at the dealership and the customer at their own office.
2. Describe how you build trust with your customer when creating an offer? I would present real tangible benefits on the different features that we chose so that the customer actually understands why I´m proposing a certain specification. 
3. How do you secure that you offer a solution that match the customer needs? I will first do a in depth needs analysis in order to understand the customers prioritizations and challenges in order to find solutions.
4. What do you include when selling a total offer to a customer? I include a truck, financial contract and a maintenance/service contract. I also include the most beneficial connected solutions.
5. What do you experience being challenges when putting together a total offer? I have a hard time presenting the total offer in one quote. In order to get to a total offer I don´t have any good collaboration tool with my colleagues that are adding some of the other solutions we have in the total offer, e.g cost for financing from VFS.  
6. What are the challenges when specifying a vehicle? (In VSS, WIS, PERF, ERS) The solutions are not integrated in the best way, I have to fill in same information in more than one solution.
7. How do you prefer to introduce the conversation about pricing? I´m approaching it from the value that the customer will be able to offer their customer. How our cooperation will secure their customers satisfaction.
8. Describe your dream, how would you like to be supported when specifying a new vehicle? I would like to be guided with proposals from the system that has been proven effective.
9. Describe your dream process when putting together a total offer? I´m describing the routes, products etc. That my customer is transporting. I´m also describing the different values my customer has prioritized e.g comfort for the driver, safety etc. And based on that get a configuration that will support the customers operations in the absolute best possible way.